AC-7959: Create documentation for rate limiting feature (#95)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/get-started/api-security.md

### How rate limiting works

The rate limiting functionality affects the following entry points:

- REST:
    - `<base_url>/rest/V1/<store_code>/guest-carts/<cart_id>/payment-information`
    - `<base_url>/rest/V1/<store_code>/guest-carts/<cart_id>/order`
    - `<base_url>/rest/V1/<store_code>/carts/mine/payment-information`
    - `<base_url>/rest/V1/<store_code>/carts/mine/order`
- GraphQL: `<base_url>/graphql`

- Module InstantPurchase `magento/module-instant-purchase`

### Enable rate limiting

Prerequisite: You must configure Redis to enable rate limiting.

| Parametr                       | Description                               |
|--------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| sales/backpressure/enabled     | Enable rate limiting for placing orders.  |
| sales/backpressure/guest_limit | Requests limit per guest                  |
| sales/backpressure/limit       | Requests limit per authenticated customer |
| sales/backpressure/period      | Counter resets in a ... [sec.]            |

> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example:

```

Reviewer: Insert a blank line after "Example:"

--backpressure-logger-redis-server=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-SERVER                        Redis server
--backpressure-logger-redis-port=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-PORT                            Redis server listen port
--backpressure-logger-redis-timeout=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-TIMEOUT                      Redis server timeout
--backpressure-logger-redis-persistent=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-PERSISTENT                Redis persistent
--backpressure-logger-redis-db=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-DB                                Redis db number
--backpressure-logger-redis-password=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-PASSWORD                    Redis server password
--backpressure-logger-redis-user=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-USER                            Redis server user
--backpressure-logger-id-prefix=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-ID-PREFIX                              ID prefix for keys
```

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

The data, including request time and identifier, is temporarily stored in Redis. Registered users are identified by their user ID. Non-registered users are identified by their external IP address.

The following command will add a new connection to the Redis server:

> Redis server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis server:

```

Insert a blank line after "Redis server"

    --backpressure-logger-redis-server=195.34.23.5 \
    --backpressure-logger-redis-port=9345 \
    --backpressure-logger-redis-timeout=1 \
    --backpressure-logger-redis-persistent=persistent \
    --backpressure-logger-redis-db=3 \
    --backpressure-logger-redis-password=s0M3StR0NgP@SsW0Rd\
    --backpressure-logger-redis-user=SomeUser \
    --backpressure-logger-id-prefix=some_pref
```

After the command is executed, the following configuration is added to the `app/etc/env.php` file.

```php
[
//...
    'backpressure' => [
        'logger' => [
            'type' => 'redis',
            'options' => [
                'server' => '195.34.23.5',
                'port' => 9345,
                'timeout' => 1,
                'persistent' => 'persistent',
                'db' => '3',
                'password' => 's0meStr0ngPassw0rd',
                'user' => 'SomeUser'
            ],
            'id-prefix' => 'some_pref'
        ]
    ]
//...
];
```

Use the following commands to enable rate limiting:

1. Enable (`1`) or disable (`0`) rate limiting for placing orders:

    ```bash
    $ bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/enabled 1
    ```

>    

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Remove spaces

1. Set the request limit per guest (IP address):

    ```bash
    $ bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/guest_limit 100
    ```

>    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
```

Remove spaces

1. Set the request limit for authenticated customers:

    ```bash
    $ bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/limit 10
    ```

>    

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Remove spaces

1. Set the period of time (in seconds) for the request limit. Supported values `60`, `3600`, `86400` seconds. This time period is multiplied by three to calculate the timeout period:

    ```bash
    $ bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/period 60
    ```

>    

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Remove spaces

If you need to check a configuration, use the following CLI command:

Example:

```bash
$ bin/magento config:show | grep backpressure

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

Add blank line

Response:

```terminal
sales/backpressure/limit - 10
sales/backpressure/guest_limit - 100
sales/backpressure/period - 3600
sales/backpressure/enabled - 1
```

You can also enable and configure rate limiting in the user interface: **Stores** > **Configuration** > **Sales** > **Sales** > **Rate Limiting**:

![Rate limiting section](../_images/api-security-rate-limiting.png)

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

> If rate limiting has been enabled for the payment information endpoint and the GraphQl mutation via the UI/CLI, but the Redis service connection for store log requests has not been configured in the `app/etc/env.php` file, then the rate-limiting will not apply. The behavior will be the same if this option is disabled, but the application logs (`<magento-root>/var/log/system.log`) will contain the following message: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If rate limiting has been enabled for the payment information endpoint and the GraphQl mutation via the UI/CLI, but the Redis service connection for store log requests has not been configured in the `app/etc/env.php` file, then the rate-limiting will not apply. The behavior will be the same if this option is disabled, but the application logs (`<magento-root>/var/log/system.log`) will contain the following message:
```

Remove extra space

# API security

## Rate limiting for payment information endpoint and mutation

In a carding attack, an attacker tries to determine which credit card numbers are valid, usually in batches of thousands. Attackers can use similar techniques to brute force missing details, like the expiration date. Adobe Commerce merchants can be targeted by this attack type through their shops and integrations with 3rd-party payment gateways.

Adobe Commerce has a new configuration for adding rate limiting for the payment information endpoint and mutation. This added layer of protection allows merchants to prevent and slow carding attacks that test many credit card numbers at once.

Rate limiting is disabled by default but can be enabled and configured via the CLI or the UI. The threshold can be configured by interval and set independently for customers and guests.

### How rate limiting works

The rate limiting functionality affects the following entry points:

- WebAPI:

>     - `{{base_url}}/rest/V1/guest-carts/{{cart_id}}/payment-information`

Author: Done

                'user' => 'SomeUser'
            ],
            'id-prefix' => 'some_pref'
        ]
    ]
//...
];
```

Use the following commands to enable rate limiting:

1. Enable (`1`) or disable (`0`) rate limiting for placing orders:

    ```bash
    $ bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/enabled 1
    ```
   
1. Set the request limit per guest (IP address):

    ```bash
    $ bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/guest_limit 100
    ```
   
1. Set the request limit for authenticated customers:

    ```bash
    $ bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/limit 10
    ```
   
1. Set the period of time (in seconds) for the request limit. Supported values `60`, `3600`, `86400` seconds. This time period is multiplied by three to calculate the timeout period:

    ```bash
    $ bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/period 60
    ```
   
If you need to check a configuration, use the following CLI command:

Example:

```bash
$ bin/magento config:show | grep backpressure
```
Response:

```terminal
sales/backpressure/limit - 10
sales/backpressure/guest_limit - 100
sales/backpressure/period - 3600
sales/backpressure/enabled - 1
```

> You can also enable and configure rate limiting in the user interface: `Stores` -> `Config` -> `Sales` -> `Sales` -> `Rate Limiting`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also enable and configure rate limiting in the user interface: **Stores** > **Configuration** > **Sales** > **Sales** > **Rate Limiting**:
```

![Rate limiting section](../_images/api-security-rate-limiting.png)

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

> If rate limiting was enabled for the payment information endpoint and the mutation functionality, but the connection to the service for store log request was not configured or configured incorrectly, then the restrictions will not be applied.

Reviewer: I don't understand this note. You probably need a link to the place store log requests are configured.

Author: Done

# API security

## Rate limiting for payment information endpoint and mutation

In a carding attack, an attacker tries to validate which credit cards are valid, usually in batches of thousands. In some cases, this can also be used to brute force missing details like expiry date. Adobe Commerce merchants suffer from this attack type, as their shops and integrations with 3rd party payment gateways are abused.
Adobe Commerce introduces a new configuration for adding rate limiting for payment information endpoint and mutation. This is an added layer of protection for merchants to prevent/slow carding attacks that test many stolen credit cards at once.

> Rate limiting is disabled by default but can be enabled and configured via CLI and/or using UI. The threshold can be configured by interval and can be set independently for customers and guests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Rate limiting is disabled by default but can be enabled and configured via the CLI or the UI. The threshold can be configured by interval and set independently for customers and guests.
```

### How the feature works?

> This rate limiting functionality will be affected to the next entry points:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The rate limiting functionality affects the following entry points:
```

> - WebAPI:
>     - `{{base_url}}/rest/V1/guest-carts/{{cart_id}}/payment-information`
>     - `{{base_url}}/rest/V1/guest-carts/{{cart_id}}/order`
>     - `{{base_url}}/rest/V1/carts/mine/payment-information`
>     - `{{base_url}}/rest/V1/carts/mine/order`
> - GraphQL: `{{base_url}}/graphql`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

- WebAPI:
    - `{{base_url}}/rest/V1/guest-carts/{{cart_id}}/payment-information`
    - `{{base_url}}/rest/V1/guest-carts/{{cart_id}}/order`
    - `{{base_url}}/rest/V1/carts/mine/payment-information`
    - `{{base_url}}/rest/V1/carts/mine/order`
- GraphQL: `{{base_url}}/graphql`

```
Add returns around ordered lists.

```
mutation {
    placeOrder(input:{
        cart_id:"{{cart_id}}"
    }) {
    order {order_number}
    }
}
```
- Module InstantPurchase `magento/module-instant-purchase`

The configuration and default values are located in the path `app/code/Magento/Quote/etc/config.xml`
```xml
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!-- ... -->
<config xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:module:Magento_Store:etc/config.xsd">
    <default>
        ...
        <sales>
            <backpressure>
                <enabled>0</enabled>          <!-- Enable rate limiting for placing orders -->
                <limit>10</limit>             <!-- Requests limit per authenticated customer -->
                <guest_limit>50</guest_limit> <!-- Requests limit per guest -->
                <period>60</period>           <!-- Counter resets in a ... [sec.]-->
            </backpressure>
        </sales>
    </default>
</config>
```

> These settings can be explained as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configuration settings:
```

> - Sales restrictions are enabled `sales/backpressure/enabled` = `1`.

Reviewer 2: Is this binary?

Author: No, I just to try explain settings

Author: @jhadobe 
Is this not relevant anymore?

> - Anonymous users can place no more than 50 orders `sales/backpressure/guest_limit` = `50` from one IP address in one minute `sales/backpressure/period - 60` [sec].  Then they will have to wait for `3 x period` from the moment of the last request, i.e. 3 minutes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Anonymous users are limited to 50 orders `sales/backpressure/guest_limit` = `50` from a single IP address within one minute `sales/backpressure/period - 60` [sec].  Then they will have to wait for `3 x period` from the last request, i.e. 3 minutes.
```

```shell
# Project is not installed yet
$ php bin/magento setup:install --help | grep backp
      --backpressure-logger=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER                                                  Backpressure logger handler
      --backpressure-logger-redis-server=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-SERVER                        Redis server
      --backpressure-logger-redis-port=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-PORT                            Redis server listen port
      --backpressure-logger-redis-timeout=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-TIMEOUT                      Redis server timeout
      --backpressure-logger-redis-persistent=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-PERSISTENT                Redis persistent
      --backpressure-logger-redis-db=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-DB                                Redis db number
      --backpressure-logger-redis-password=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-PASSWORD                    Redis server password
      --backpressure-logger-redis-user=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-USER                            Redis server user
      --backpressure-logger-id-prefix=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-ID-PREFIX                              ID prefix for keys
```

{:.bs-callout-tip}

> The data (request time and the identifier) will be temporarily stored in the redis. In the case of a non-registered user, the identifier will be his external IP address, and his user ID in the case of a registered user ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The data (the request time and the identifier) is temporarily stored in Redis. Registered users are identified by their user ID. Non-registered users are identified by their external IP address.
```

> An example of a command that will add a new connection to the Redis server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following command will add a new connection to the Redis server:
```

Redis server:
- Host: 195.34.23.5
- Port: 9345
- Password: s0M3StR0NgP@SsW0Rd
- User: SomeUser

```shell
$ php bin/magento setup:config:set \
    --backpressure-logger=redis \
    --backpressure-logger-redis-server=195.34.23.5 \
    --backpressure-logger-redis-port=9345 \
    --backpressure-logger-redis-timeout=1 \
    --backpressure-logger-redis-persistent=persistent \
    --backpressure-logger-redis-db=3 \
    --backpressure-logger-redis-password=s0M3StR0NgP@SsW0Rd\
    --backpressure-logger-redis-user=SomeUser \
    --backpressure-logger-id-prefix=some_pref
```

> After the command is executed, the following configuration will be added to the file `app/etc/env.php`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the command is executed, the following configuration is added to the `app/etc/env.php` file.
```

```php
[
//...
    'backpressure' => [
        'logger' => [
            'type' => 'redis',
            'options' => [
                'server' => '195.34.23.5',
                'port' => 9345,
                'timeout' => 1,
                'persistent' => 'persistent',
                'db' => '3',
                'password' => 's0meStr0ngPassw0rd',
                'user' => 'SomeUser'
            ],
            'id-prefix' => 'some_pref'
        ]
    ]
//...
];
```

> Now you are ready to enable this functionality.
> You can do this using the console commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following commands to enable rate limiting:
```

> 1. Enable - 1/ disable - 0 rate limiting for placing orders:
> ```php
> $ php bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/enabled 1
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Enable `1` or disable `0` rate limiting for placing orders:

    ```php
    $ php bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/enabled 1
    ```
```

The code blocks under each list item need returns around them and need to be indented.

> 2. Requests limit per guest (ip address):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Set the request limit per guest (ip address):

```

We use auto-numbering, so each list item should be number `1.`.

```php
$ php bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/guest_limit 100
```

> 3. Requests limit per authenticated customer:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Set the request limit for authenticated customers:
```

```php
$ php bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/limit 10
````

> 4. Counter resets in seconds. Supported values `60`, `3600`, `86400` seconds:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Set the amount of time (in seconds) a customer must wait after reaching the `limit`. Supported values `60`, `3600`, `86400` seconds:
```

```php
$ php bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/period 3600
```

> If do you need to check configurations you can use following CLI command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to check a configuration, use the following CLI command:

```

```php
php bin/magento config:show | grep backpressure
```
Example:
```php
$ php bin/magento config:show | grep backpressure
sales/backpressure/limit - 10
sales/backpressure/guest_limit - 100
sales/backpressure/period - 3600
sales/backpressure/enabled - 1
```

> Also, You can enable and configure this functionality using the user interface: `Stores` -> `Config` -> `Sales` -> `Sales` -> `Rate Limiting`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also enable and configure rate limiting in the user interface: `Stores` -> `Config` -> `Sales` -> `Sales` -> `Rate Limiting`:

```

> ![](api-security/images/api-security-rate-limiting.png)

Author: Done

{:.bs-callout-tip}

> If rate limiting for payment information endpoint and mutation functionality were enabled, but the connection to the service for store log request was not configured or configured incorrectly, then the restrictions will not apply, that is, they will be ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If rate limiting was enabled for the payment information endpoint and the mutation functionality, but the connection to the service for store log request was not configured or configured incorrectly, then the restrictions will not be applied.

```

> The behavior will be the same if this option is disabled. But the following message will be present in the application logs `<magento-root>/var/log/system.log`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The behavior will be the same if this option is disabled, but the application logs (`<magento-root>/var/log/system.log`) will contain the following message: 
```

```
...
[2022-11-11T15:46:32.716679+00:00] main.ERROR: Backpressure sliding window not applied. Invalid request logger type:  [] []
...
[2022-11-11T15:46:37.730863+00:00] main.ERROR: Backpressure sliding window not applied. Invalid request logger type:  [] []
...
```

> In case rate limiting is applied to a REST request, then a response with HTTP status code 429 "Too Many Requests" will be generated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If rate limiting is applied to a REST request, then a response with HTTP status code `429 - Too Many Requests` will be generated.
```

Example:
```
HTTP/1.1 429 Too Many Requests
...
Pragma: no-cache
Cache-Control: no-store
...
{"message":"Too Many Requests","trace":null}
```

> If rate limiting is applied to a GraphQl request, then a response with HTTP status code 200 "Ok" will be generated and all relevant information will be present in the response body.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If rate limiting is applied to a GraphQl request, then a response with HTTP status code `200 - Ok` will be generated and all relevant information will be present in the response body.
```

# API security

## Rate limiting for payment information endpoint and mutation

> In a carding attack, an attacker tries to determine which credit cards numbers are valid, usually in batches of thousands. Attackers can use similar techniques to brute force missing details, like the expiration date. Adobe Commerce merchants can be targeted by this attack type through their shops and integrations with 3rd-party payment gateways.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In a carding attack, an attacker tries to determine which credit card numbers are valid, usually in batches of thousands. Attackers can use similar techniques to brute force missing details, like the expiration date. Adobe Commerce merchants can be targeted by this attack type through their shops and integrations with 3rd-party payment gateways.
```

> Adobe Commerce has a new configuration for adding rate limiting for the payment information endpoint and mutation. This is an added layer of protection allows merchants to prevent and slow carding attacks that test many credit cards numbers at once.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adobe Commerce has a new configuration for adding rate limiting for the payment information endpoint and mutation. This added layer of protection allows merchants to prevent and slow carding attacks that test many credit card numbers at once.
```

    <default>
        ...
        <sales>
            <backpressure>
                <enabled>0</enabled>          <!-- Enable rate limiting for placing orders -->
                <limit>10</limit>             <!-- Requests limit per authenticated customer -->
                <guest_limit>50</guest_limit> <!-- Requests limit per guest -->
                <period>60</period>           <!-- Counter resets in a ... [sec.]-->
            </backpressure>
        </sales>
    </default>
</config>
```

Configuration settings:
- Sales restrictions are enabled `sales/backpressure/enabled` = `1`.
- Anonymous users are limited to 50 orders `sales/backpressure/guest_limit` = `50` from a single IP address within one minute `sales/backpressure/period - 60` [sec].  Then they will have to wait for `3 x period` from the last request, i.e. 3 minutes.
- An authorized user can place no more than 10 orders `sales/backpressure/limit` = `10` in one minute. Then he will have to wait for `3 x period` from the moment of the last request, i.e. 3 minutes.

### How to use?

> As mentioned earlier, this functionality is disabled by default. In order to start using it, you need to add a configuration that will provide a connection to the service where the request logs will be stored until the request. By default, the connection is implemented for the Redis server.
> To start using do this, use the following options. These options work in the case of installation and in the case when the project is already installed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As mentioned earlier, this functionality is disabled by default. To enable this feature, you need to add a configuration that connects to the service where the request logs will be stored. By default, the connection is implemented for the Redis server.
The following options work for new and existing installations:
```

Redis server:
- Host: 195.34.23.5
- Port: 9345
- Password: s0M3StR0NgP@SsW0Rd
- User: SomeUser

```bash
$ bin/magento setup:config:set \
    --backpressure-logger=redis \
    --backpressure-logger-redis-server=195.34.23.5 \
    --backpressure-logger-redis-port=9345 \
    --backpressure-logger-redis-timeout=1 \
    --backpressure-logger-redis-persistent=persistent \
    --backpressure-logger-redis-db=3 \
    --backpressure-logger-redis-password=s0M3StR0NgP@SsW0Rd\
    --backpressure-logger-redis-user=SomeUser \
    --backpressure-logger-id-prefix=some_pref
```

After the command is executed, the following configuration is added to the `app/etc/env.php` file.

```php
[
//...
    'backpressure' => [
        'logger' => [
            'type' => 'redis',
            'options' => [
                'server' => '195.34.23.5',
                'port' => 9345,
                'timeout' => 1,
                'persistent' => 'persistent',
                'db' => '3',
                'password' => 's0meStr0ngPassw0rd',
                'user' => 'SomeUser'
            ],
            'id-prefix' => 'some_pref'
        ]
    ]
//...
];
```

Use the following commands to enable rate limiting:

> 1. Enable `1` or disable `0` rate limiting for placing orders:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Enable (`1`) or disable (`0`) rate limiting for placing orders:
```

    ```bash
    $ bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/enabled 1
    ```
   

> 1. Set the request limit per guest (ip address):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Set the request limit per guest (IP address):
```

    ```bash
    $ bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/guest_limit 100
    ```
   
1. Set the request limit for authenticated customers:

    ```bash
    $ bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/limit 10
    ```
   
1. Set the amount of time (in seconds) a customer must wait after reaching the `limit`. Supported values `60`, `3600`, `86400` seconds:

    ```bash
    $ bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/period 3600
    ```
   
If you need to check a configuration, use the following CLI command:

```bash 
$ bin/magento config:show | grep backpressure
```

Example:
```bash
$ bin/magento config:show | grep backpressure
```

```terminal
sales/backpressure/limit - 10
sales/backpressure/guest_limit - 100
sales/backpressure/period - 3600
sales/backpressure/enabled - 1
```

You can also enable and configure rate limiting in the user interface: `Stores` -> `Config` -> `Sales` -> `Sales` -> `Rate Limiting`:

![Rate limiting section](../_images/api-security-rate-limiting.png)

> {:.bs-callout-tip}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

```

The rate limiting functionality affects the following entry points:

- WebAPI:
    - `{{base_url}}/rest/V1/guest-carts/{{cart_id}}/payment-information`
    - `{{base_url}}/rest/V1/guest-carts/{{cart_id}}/order`
    - `{{base_url}}/rest/V1/carts/mine/payment-information`
    - `{{base_url}}/rest/V1/carts/mine/order`
- GraphQL: `{{base_url}}/graphql`

- Module InstantPurchase `magento/module-instant-purchase`

The configuration and default values are located in the path `app/code/Magento/Quote/etc/config.xml`

```xml
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!-- ... -->
<config xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:module:Magento_Store:etc/config.xsd">
    <default>
        ...
        <sales>
            <backpressure>
                <enabled>0</enabled>          <!-- Enable rate limiting for placing orders -->
                <limit>10</limit>             <!-- Requests limit per authenticated customer -->
                <guest_limit>50</guest_limit> <!-- Requests limit per guest -->
                <period>60</period>           <!-- Counter resets in a ... [sec.]-->
            </backpressure>
        </sales>
    </default>
</config>
```

> Configuration settings:

Author: @jhadobe 
Thank you for your suggestions

> Configuration settings:

Author: @jhadobe 
Looks like, you already fixed this issue. Yes?

```

And in the case when the project is already installed

```bash
$ bin/magento setup:install --help | grep backp
```

```terminal
--backpressure-logger=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER                                                  Backpressure logger handler
--backpressure-logger-redis-server=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-SERVER                        Redis server
--backpressure-logger-redis-port=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-PORT                            Redis server listen port
--backpressure-logger-redis-timeout=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-TIMEOUT                      Redis server timeout
--backpressure-logger-redis-persistent=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-PERSISTENT                Redis persistent
--backpressure-logger-redis-db=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-DB                                Redis db number
--backpressure-logger-redis-password=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-PASSWORD                    Redis server password
--backpressure-logger-redis-user=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-REDIS-USER                            Redis server user
--backpressure-logger-id-prefix=BACKPRESSURE-LOGGER-ID-PREFIX                              ID prefix for keys

> ```

Author: @jhadobe 
Done

            'type' => 'redis',
            'options' => [
                'server' => '195.34.23.5',
                'port' => 9345,
                'timeout' => 1,
                'persistent' => 'persistent',
                'db' => '3',
                'password' => 's0meStr0ngPassw0rd',
                'user' => 'SomeUser'
            ],
            'id-prefix' => 'some_pref'
        ]
    ]
//...
];
```

Use the following commands to enable rate limiting:

1. Enable (`1`) or disable (`0`) rate limiting for placing orders:

    ```bash
    $ bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/enabled 1
    ```
   
1. Set the request limit per guest (IP address):

    ```bash
    $ bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/guest_limit 100
    ```
   
1. Set the request limit for authenticated customers:

    ```bash
    $ bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/limit 10
    ```
   
1. Set the amount of time (in seconds) a customer must wait after reaching the `limit`. Supported values `60`, `3600`, `86400` seconds:

    ```bash
    $ bin/magento config:set sales/backpressure/period 3600
    ```
   
If you need to check a configuration, use the following CLI command:

> 
> ```bash 
> $ bin/magento config:show | grep backpressure
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Example:
```bash
$ bin/magento config:show | grep backpressure
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Response:

```

```terminal
sales/backpressure/limit - 10
sales/backpressure/guest_limit - 100
sales/backpressure/period - 3600
sales/backpressure/enabled - 1
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I think this should probably be a new section.

Author: @jhadobe 
Sorry, more details please, because I can't figure out what part you have in mind

Reviewer 2: @arhiopterecs after reviewing it, i don't think the change i suggested is necessary.
